There's one last thing that we can do is structure and that is parameter so to illustrate when this
might be useful to you we'll go ahead and make a brand new function will go function and then we'll
call it sick cookie and we're going to set up three parameters here so the first one is going to be
the name and then the value and then options.
OK.
Now we're going to define some code inside of here and then we're going to talk about it.
So first thing we'll do is do a check on the options and see if it's even there.
So the options for an empty object like so.
And then after that we're going to do let arrogant define some variables inside of this block scope
here are the less secure equals options Datsik here and then let domain equals options da domain if
I can get it and then Path equals options dot path and then expires equals options dot expires and like
so then the code here will be a code to say cookie like so.
Now this is a very common pattern that you'll see.
So the first two parameters right here and name and value would be considered require you need these.
OK.
Then this last parameter right here I'm expecting an object can.
This is a very very common pattern.
If you have an unspecified or a bunch of different parameters that aren't necessary but might be passed
in.
And so sometimes we will call this is an option's bag.
So essentially since the order in which these options secure domain path and expires the order in which
they're passed in doesn't really matter and there's no real precedence for the data in that particular
case we're really efficient thing to do would just to basically create an object if an object is passed
in and that's good too.
And then pull out the different properties from that object and use them as we need to.
So in this particular case if I wanted to set the cookie and misspelled cookie by the way.
So you said cookie and I will pass in a name of type and a value a value of J.S. do s like so.
And then after that I can pass on options object and so in this case all secure true and also it expires
to 5000 milliseconds which would be five seconds very quick cookie and then we'll be slash who.
So we'll go ahead and put a string there.
And so now we have our entire invocation right here and I'll go and knock this down to the next line.
So another way to do this would be to specify each of these parameters individually and use secure domain
path and expires.
That's not very efficient especially because we don't know how many of these different parameters will
actually get passed in.
So instead we throw it into an object right here.
And if there's nothing available like for example we didn't pass in the domain in that particular case
all it's going to be is undefined which is perfectly OK.
Well this is pretty well it's not apparent to the user or the person who's writing the code exactly
what parameters are supposed to be used and what parameters are not supposed to be used.
Even if you look at the function definition right here it's not immediately apparent what this function
is supposed to take in as far as parameters go in order to find out you would have to actually read
the function body.
So we can make this a lot better by using these deconstructing syntax.
So what we'll do instead is inside of here a common us out just to show you the kind of old way of doing
it.
And then after that we'll put this in curly braces.
Now we're going to do is put all the things we did before secure and then we'll do domain now with the
path and then we'll do expires.
OK.
Now this looks pretty wild but honestly it's the exact same thing as for example receiving an options
object like if I were to just receive let's say options as an object right here it would be the same
as taking those options right there and just pulling out variables like so and doing secure domain path
expires and then setting it equal to options right here.
But instead of doing all that directly we're taking advantage of this kind of syntactic sugar right
here.
But this is what the javascript engine is doing behind the scenes with this parameter deconstructing
syntax.
So I'll go ahead and delete this right here and now you know how to structure parameters.